Refactor list rendering in commands (#12704)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

## Master

### Changes to output argument in commands

Instead of using [tabulate](https://pypi.org/project/tabulate/) to render commands output
we use [rich](https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich). Due to this change the `--output` argument
will no longer accept formats of tabulate tables. Instead it accepts:

- `table` - will render the output in predefined table
- `json` - will render the output as a json
- `yaml` - will render the output as yaml

By doing this we increased consistency and gave users possibility to manipulate the
output programmatically (when using json or yaml).

Affected commands:

- `airflow dags list`
- `airflow dags report`
- `airflow dags list-runs`
- `airflow dags list-jobs`
- `airflow connections list`
- `airflow connections get`
- `airflow pools list`
- `airflow pools get`
- `airflow pools set`
- `airflow pools delete`
- `airflow pools export`
- `airflow role list`
- `airflow providers list`
- `airflow providers get`
- `airflow tasks states-for-dag-run`
- `airflow users list`

> - `airflow variables list`

Reviewer: `airflow pools import` and `airflow providers hooks` should be in this list as well?

Author: Done in caf81ff

Reviewer: @turbaszek after your latest change (some commands don't print table anymore), maybe we need to further update this doc as well.

## Master

### Changes to output argument in commands

> Instead of using [tabulate](https://pypi.org/project/tabulate/) to render commands output
> we use [rich](https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich). Due to this change the `--output` argument
> will no longer accept formats of tabulate tables. Instead it accepts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From Airflow 2.0, We are replacing [tabulate](https://pypi.org/project/tabulate/) with [rich](https://github.com/willmcgugan/rich) to render commands output. Due to this change, the `--output` argument
will no longer accept formats of tabulate tables. Instead, it now accepts:
```
